net: lib: downloader: Leave room for header when using TLS with nRF91 (#20162)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/networking/downloader.rst

Limitations
***********

> The library requires the host server to provide a Content-Range field in the HTTP GET response header when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.

Reviewer: An intro sentence like below would be good.

_The following limitations apply to this library:_

===========================

The nRF91 Series modem has a size limit of ~2 kB for receiving TLS packages.

> The library therefore asks the server for a Content-Range which must be supported by the host server when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library therefore asks the server for a content-range, which must be supported by the host server when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.
```

> The content range is set by the :c:member:`download_client_cfg.frag_size_override` in the download client configuration.
> If the :c:member:`download_client_cfg.frag_size_override` is not set, a default value will be used for the nRF91 Series devices when using HTTPS.
> The fragment size must be set so that the TLS package must not exceed the modem limit of 2 kB.
> Although not an exact science, the TLS package size is dependent on the HTTP header and payload size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The content range is set by the :c:member:`download_client_cfg.frag_size_override` configuration in the download client configuration.
If the configuration is not set, a default value will be used for the nRF91 Series devices when using HTTPS.

The fragment size must be set so that the TLS package does not exceed the modem limit of 2 kB.
The TLS package size is dependent on the HTTP header and payload size.
```

The HTTP header size is dependent on the server in use.

> When meeting this limitation, the downloader attempts to reduce the Content-Range in order to fill the TLS size requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When meeting this limitation, the downloader attempts to reduce the content-range in order to fill the TLS size requirements.
```

If requirements cannot be met, the downloader fails with error ``-EMSSIZE``.

> .. note::
>   If you are experiencing this issue on a deployed product, reducing the HTTP header size responded by the server can also resolve this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::
   If you are experiencing this issue on a deployed product, reducing the HTTP header size responded by the server can also resolve this issue.
```

CoaP block size
===============

> Due to internal limitations, maximum CoAP block size is 512 bytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to internal limitations, the maximum CoAP block size is 512 bytes.
```

Limitations
***********

The following limitations apply to this library:

nRF91 Series TLS limitation
===========================

> The nRF91 Series modem has a size limit of ~2 kB for receiving TLS packages.

Reviewer 2: There is some inconsistent information, in some places it says `~2 kB`, in other places `2 kB`. Barring the fact that kB means 1000 bytes and not 1024, to prevent ambiguity I would write the exact number of bytes (ex. `2048`).

Author: We don't have a strict number as it is dependent on other factors in the modem. I'll add a note referring to the changelog and avoid using an exact number.

The library therefore asks the server for a content-range which must be supported by the host server when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.

> The content range is set by the :c:member:`download_client_cfg.frag_size_override` configuration in the download client configuration.

Reviewer 3: Is this the correct data type for this library?

Author: No, it was copied from the closed known issue PR, will update, thanks!

Limitations
***********

The following limitations apply to this library:

nRF91 Series TLS limitation
===========================

The nRF91 Series modem has a size limit for receiving TLS packages.
The size limit depends on modem internals and is around 2 kB.
See modem firmware release notes for details.

> The library therefore asks the server for a content-range which must be supported by the host server when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.

Reviewer 2: I think the therefore can be omitted, doesn't fit well with the previous sentences
```suggestion
The library asks the server for a content-range which must be supported by the host server when using HTTPS with the nRF91 Series devices.
```

@divipillai

Reviewer: Agree.

The content range is set by the :c:member:`downloader_host_cfg.range_override` configuration in the download client configuration.
If the configuration is not set, a default value will be used for the nRF91 Series devices when using HTTPS.

The fragment size must be set so that the TLS package does not exceed the modem limit.
The TLS package size is dependent on the HTTP header and payload size.
The HTTP header size is dependent on the server in use.
When meeting this limitation, the downloader attempts to reduce the content-range in order to fill the TLS size requirements.

> If requirements cannot be met, the downloader fails with error ``-EMSSIZE``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the requirements cannot be met, the downloader fails with error ``-EMSSIZE``.
```

@divipillai

Reviewer: Agree, though both are grammatical correct, since we are referring to specific known requirements, "the" article could be used.
